Welcome to all the distinguished guests
on the dais.
To the police officers who show
immense courage in times of crisis,
risking their own lives to save others,
the most prestigious honor
given by the central government
is the Bose Bravery Award.
In the past, only one police officer
from the Telugu states received this award
in 1987.
After all these years, ACP Dhanya
receiving this award from the government
is truly a moment of pride!
Standing ovation for Officer Dhanya,
ladies and gentlemen.
In the same department where
dedicated officers like ACP Dhanya serve,
it's truly unfortunate that
criminals like Arjun Sarkaar exist.
On the very day Officer Dhanya is being
honored with the Bose Bravery Award,
Arjun Sarkaar's case
has come up for hearing.
If the investigating officer
presents strong evidence,
there's a chance the verdict could be
delivered today, reports say.
A veteran police officer committing
such a crime is beyond comprehension.
Is SP Arjun Sarkaar just a facade?
If so, who's the real person
behind the mask?
Good morning, Lordship.
Generally, if a commoner
commits such a heinous crime,
they get severe punishment.
Such an act is completely
unacceptable for a police officer.
We have a request, Lordship.
We need two more weeks
to gather solid evidence.
There's a security concern
at the present location
where the accused is being
held in custody.
We can conduct the investigation smoothly
if he's transferred to the central prison.
The girl is nine months old, sir.
What could he possibly do to her?
He's about 5'9" to 5'10" tall.
He has a few strands of white
in his beard.
Light brown complexion.
Hey!
Are you going to kill him or what?
Let's go.
Half the people here
are ones you locked up.
You might need it.
That's alright.
You're a cop. Right?
How did you end up here?
Shall we start?
Sir…
-What--
-Hey!
You're in the queue. Please wait.
This is Rakshitha speaking.
How may I help you?
-Rakshitha.
-Sir.
-Tell me something honestly.
-Sure, sir.
Does our country really have 5G,
or are we just calling 2G "5G"?
-What--
-No, Rakshitha,
if we try to watch a video on YouTube,
as soon as you reach
the city outskirts, it starts buffering.
-We regret--
-In that gap, we get four ads.
Both the ad and the video
need the internet.
-But the ads play perfectly, somehow.
-What's that sound?
Here, at the riverbed, I've got someone
hanging upside down, and I'm killing him.
-Stop kidding, sir.
-Not joking. The phones don't work here.
Don't tell me to press 3, 6, 9…
we're beyond that now.
People are losing their lives here.
Life.
God breathes life into us
and gives us longevity
in the form of the life force.
One of our main responsibilities as humans
is to utilize that life well
to do good deeds.
Those who misuse it
and commit sinful deeds
will needlessly fall into a pit of sins.
Come in.
Come in!
Arjun Sarkaar?
I've heard a lot about you.
Why are you sitting here so quietly?
Sir.
Interesting.
Yeah, come.
Everyone!
Arjun Sarkaar.
Your new SP.
He's going to take charge starting today.
Sir!
-Welcome onboard, Sarkaar.
-Sir.
Yeah.
Sir. May I come in?
Sir. I am ASP Varsha.
This is Sub-Inspector Diwakar.
There are a total of 26 members
in the department.
You're the only one in the SP rank, sir.
-Operations are headed by Nageswar--
-Hey!
Why are you shaking your legs?
-Don't.
-Sorry, sir.
It's okay.
Sir.
A case, sir. We need to go.
Sir. Since the murder was committed
on the riverbed,
there is no trace evidence left, sir.
They could have been
swept away by the current.
Smart.
-Didn't you find any footprints?
-We did, sir. But no use.
He left his shoe behind.
Very smart.
There are vertical lines here, sir.
He erased the tire marks.
Sharp.
Why is everyone just standing still?
There was life in this body,
but not anymore.
What's the purpose?
Focus on that.
Precision cut.
-Someone with a medical background.
-How, sir?
Anyone can cut the neck.
Look closely,
he's cut the jugular vein exactly.
If the cut is made there
and hung upside down,
gravity will take care of the rest.
Profiling.
He committed the murder effortlessly, sir.
Lazy fellow.
Judgmental.
The incisions on the torso
don't look like knife stabs.
Forensics.
Let them.
We'll see.
Any items like bottle caps,
tissue papers or cigarette butts…
We found a cigarette butt, sir.
It could've been anyone.
Would the murderer have sat here,
casually smoking a cigarette?
Would he sit here listening to sermons
until the victim died?
We'll find saliva residue.
Send it for DNA analysis.
What?
Are we supposed to solve this today?
You think this is a sequel
to the crime movies you watch?
-Hey!
-Sir.
Give me the keys.
Sir.
Why didn't you come home yesterday?
I'm asking you.
I was working. What now?
Look at how he speaks.
Wretched brat!
Brutal murder on the outskirts of Vizag.
39-year-old Thati Ramesh
was hung upside down, throat slit…
leaving the corpse behind.
Look at how people are turning out to be.
This case is being investigated by...
When the upbringing is all wrong,
this is how they turn out.
KEEN TO CARE CHARITY ORGANIZATION
IS A HUGE SCAM
Have there been any symptoms
like anxiety or zoning out lately?
Sarkaar.
Any symptoms of zoning out?
-Not at all.
-Are you taking the tablets I gave you?
Why isn't your BP under control?
Have you gone blind, you bonehead!
Very much in control.
Why are you fu--
Don't disturb.
I'm with her.
I'll call you back.
You're a cop, right?
-Yeah.
-Your dad told me.
I hope the violence part is under control.
-Go back! Go back!
-Arjun Sarkaar, go back!
Yeah.
Doctor.
There's a slight pull…
on my left hand sometimes.
-Any heart related--
-It shouldn't be a problem.
Anyway, I'm changing your prescription.
-I'm shifting you to Aten 25.
-Isn't 50 better?
I checked online.
Ask your wife to monitor
your food habits and sleep cycle.
Did I tell you I'm married?
Sir.
I need a day off, sir.
What for?
I need to attend my daughter's
school annual day celebrations.
My daughter is performing a dance.
She fondly asked me to be there.
You can't have it.
Updates about the riverbed murder.
These are the details we've found
in the forensic analysis so far.
Gender: Male.
Age: 39 years old.
A resident of Bheemili.
Cause of death: Blood loss due to
jugular vein laceration.
We found DNA traces on the cigarette butt
that was found at the crime scene.
The DNA sequence belongs to a dog.
They thought
the dog smoked the cigarette.
She is saying the dog licked
the cigarette butt.
Please continue.
From the autopsy report, we realized
three internal organs were missing.
Hypothalamus,
pituitary and adrenal glands.
We're not sure
what he's doing with these organs.
Nothing beyond this at this point, sir.
-Sarkaar.
-Sir. On it, sir.
What does "on it" mean?
Approach ready, sir.
I'll decide if it's left or right.
Okay. You may all leave.
Thank you.
I went through your profile.
You seem to follow only boys.
-What's the purpose?
-What?
Purp…
Sorry, but I need to use the washroom.
-Send this file to the office.
-OK, sir.
Your cleavage…
Tattoo in that spot…
Do you drink?
What's the purpose?
I need to use the washroom.
I need to go to the washroom.
-I have to go to the--
-Washroom?
It's a long way if you go to
the washroom first. The exit's this way.
-Why don't you knock and enter?
-Hey!
Will you get married
or stay like this watching porn?
Why not marry one of your colleagues?
I won't marry anyone
from the department.
-That's my rule.
-Seriously?
You'll remain a loner.
-You'll need a companion.
-Of course!
Were you there
when I needed your company?
You left me with that oldie
as if to reform the country.
Why all this love now?
Close the door behind you.
Keep beating it.
Arjun?
-And you are?
-Mrudula!
You're behaving as if you don't know me.
You asked me to come
meet you at your office.
Are you sure you have
the right person?
We chatted on the matrimony site
last night.
Yes, tell me.
Did you create my profile
on the matrimony site?
Yeah! Why?
Shouldn't you tell me before you go on
with these chats?
Don't shout.
Did anyone show up?
I figured your face
would've scared them off.
Hello?
That chat with you… wasn't me.
It was my dad.
He does this to set me up.
If I'd seen you first,
I'd have chatted with you.
But it wasn't me.
What shall we do?
Nice. I like your honesty.
If you're okay,
let's meet up for coffee.
If it works out, fine.
Otherwise, we'll drop it.
The ladies' washroom is under renovation.
We arranged bio-toilets.
Ma'am may not need it.
But just tell her.
So, Arjun Sarkaar…
You seem to be an honest person.
You look average but good-looking.
A good position in society.
-Why aren't you married yet?
-You mentioned that I'm average.
No girl would fall for someone like me.
I don't need any girl. Sorry!
But we call ourselves stags
and brazen it out.
Meanwhile, we hit 30, hair turns grey,
and we wonder if we're late.
We'll start getting messages on apps,
saying that a soulmate will come along.
Bloody idiots. Sorry!
Reading those messages, we soon hit 35.
We lose fitness. Anxiety grows.
Someone will start saying it's the most
important phase of your career. Sorry!
By the time we realize that's not true,
we would've hit 40.
We will be off the market.
We'll be depending on matrimony websites
and dating apps.
Sorry!
Don't laugh.
It's a serious matter.
You weren't raised by your mom, right?
How do you know?
Only a mother can teach you
how to speak and love.
Otherwise, they'll end up just like you.
If it's okay with you, I'll teach you.
Why?
I don't know. I just feel like doing it.
What's the purpose?
Why do you need a purpose?
-Are you free till sunset?
-I'm free till sunrise.
♪ Is my pride only for her?
Will it now fade away? ♪
♪ Is my chase only for her?
Will it finally stop? ♪
♪ Is my world only with her? Ah… ♪
♪ Is my love with her? ♪
♪ Is it with her?
Is she truly mine? ♪
♪ Is it real? Does she belong to me? ♪
♪ Is it with her? ♪
♪ Is she truly mine? ♪
♪ Is her smile enough for my heart? ♪
♪ The way she touches me… ♪
♪ It eases my longing, just look at that ♪
♪ When she looks at me… ♪
♪ Her gaze touches my heart ♪
♪ I adored her ♪
♪ Take every step with her ♪
♪ My everything belongs to her ♪
♪ Every moment is because of her ♪
♪ Is it with her?
Is she really mine? ♪
♪ Is it real? Is she really mine? ♪
♪ Is it with her? ♪
♪ My heart forgets itself ♪
♪ Is she mine?
My soul knows it’s real ♪
♪ Is her smile enough for my heart? ♪
Shall we go inside?
No!
Shall we stay here?
Shall I leave?
Do you want to?
Why are you confusing me?
Hey! Dude!
1 a.m. at night, and a girl beside you,
what's cooking--
It's Sarkaar!
He said it's a shortcut.
Didn't expect that it'd lead to Assam.
I think ma'am…
did something.
Carry on, sir. Bye, sir!
Hello, Mom! Pack the bags.
We are leaving for the railway station.
1 a.m. at night
and a girl beside you.
Does everyone run away
the moment they see you?
You didn't run away.
I like you.
But why?
I like grey!
In me?
In your beard.
Don't be in a hurry.
Let's save it for later.
Later means?
On an auspicious day.
You seem to be happy.
Sir! Sir?
-Sir--
-Hey!
Don't move.
-Oh, it's you.
-Don't do anything stupid.
Throw away the knife.
Never take your eyes off.
Everything is a distraction. Focus!
Disengage the threat.
Are you done with your power nap?
That's a Palomar knot.
It won't come off easily.
I suspected you on the very first day.
Are you really a police officer?
You're killing civilians.
Bloody psychopath!
I'll report you.
You don't deserve to be a cop!
Even if you report me and put me
behind bars, these murders won't stop.
Hands are freezing, sir.
-Put your gloves on.
-My balls are freezing.
What should be done about that?
Sir.
Why is the family allowed here?
-How can they bear seeing it?
-Sorry, sir!
Footprints and traces have not registered
because of the heavy snow.
Let's say the footprints vanish
because they're made on snow.
-What about tire marks?
-Sir?
The vehicle's weight forms tire marks
on the mud beneath the snow.
-You're right, sir.
-Melt it.
-Sir!
-Snow!
Melt it.
Probably three to four inches
taller than me.
Jugular vein laceration,
approximately five centimeters long.
Incisions on the torso and…
back of the head.
He did something after killing.
Ask forensics to look properly.
Ask them to collect swabs on injuries.
See if there is any trace evidence there.
-Sir!
-Here. Over here.
Eighteen-inch alloy.
A big vehicle.
Take photos of the tire pattern.
Tape!
9mm groove.
A new tire.
Get a list of tire vendors…
Ravi.
-Sir!
-New tire.
Get the list of tire vendors
in the valley.
Okay, sir!
If he carried the body from here…
he is physically fit.
Tell him in Hindi not to fucking aim
the flame thrower at my face.
Did anyone see a big vehicle
heading to the valley last night?
-No, we didn't see!
-No?
Thank you.
Sir!
You're like the star of our family, sir.
My daughter wants to meet you.
-Name?
-My name is Alaika.
Alaika!
Alaika, my…
grandfather,
used to tell me something.
Every police officer
is a star.
Your dad is… a star.
So tell me. Will you become a star?
This star is for you.
Thank you.
Autopsy report.
Injuries on the torso
and the back of the head.
Sustained after death. Three organs
are missing from the body.
Hypothalamus, pituitary
and adrenal glands.
Organ trade?
No.
This isn't about organ trade, Ravi.
These are hormone-secreting organs.
Not suitable for a transplant.
If he is so brutal as to
display after the killing,
there's more to it, Ravi.
We need to get this guy soon.
Sir, a black Bolero entered
the forest around that time.
Black Bolero, 18-inch alloy,
a new tire. Right!
Get me a list of those who recently
changed a black Bolero's tires in town.
Make it fast.
We've procured information
from all the tire shops, sir.
There are three black Boleros in town
which got new tires recently.
-What's happening?
-Inquiry.
-Any men in the house?
-There's none.
What do you do?
-I'm a hunter.
-Alright.
Hunting?
The Bolero outside…
-Yours?
-That's right.
We have a milk business.
What's this animal?
This is a Haput.
What is that?
What do you mean?
Meaning.
-Meaning what?
-Meaning--
What does Haput mean?
Alright. Haput means…
Brown bear.
Ask them if they supply milk
in Dachigam.
Do you supply in Dachigam?
No. Why would we go there?
That's my son.
Poor thing. He's not well.
Gun… License…
License?
-Open it.
-Sir?
Break it.
Ask them to open it.
Break open that door.
Sir, he's running away!
Hey! Catch him!
-Take him to the hospital. Make it fast.
-Pick him up!
Scoundrel!
How dare you grab my hair, you rascal?
Back. Go back.
Enough.
Move back.
He is safe now, sir.
Everything's fine.
Yeah, I understand.
Sarkaar…
-Ma'am?
-Why so much violence?
I was just talking to the doctor.
Five men are in critical condition
in the hospital.
One of my team's officer
is also in critical condition.
Being a Hindu police,
you've sent five Muslims to the hospital.
-Political--
-Hindu police…
Muslim police…
No.
Just police.
Jai Hind, ma'am.
Place his hand forward.
Paramedics on standby.
Dislocated bone.
Call paramedics.
Did you commit the murder?
What?
These incisions…
This cut…
What's this?
Organs?
Already out.
Hey!
Get up.
-Put that other hand forward.
-Yes, sir.
Sir, the cyber department
has managed to unlock his phone.
Wake him up.
Hey! Get up.
A terrible incident took place
in Arwal district in Bihar today.
A man was killed brutally.
His body was found hanging
from a tree.
No matter how much our team tried,
he wouldn't--
Sir, same method.
Did he commit this murder, too?
It happened in Bihar.
I mean, did he commit a murder there
and come here?
It happened today.
Get the details from
the investigating officer in Bihar.
Sure, sir.
Sir, I spoke to the investigating officer.
They nabbed the culprit within
an hour of committing the crime.
The SI refused to provide
the details when I inquired.
How can two criminals carry out
crimes in exactly the same way?
We need to go to Bihar.
Make the arrangements.
It happened in the Arwal district.
Notorious for Maoists.
Police presence in that region
is always backed by paramilitary units.
It's not safe, sir.
ARWAL POLICE STATION
-Sir.
-You weren't cooperating on the phone.
Why?
-What was the purpose?
-Sorry, sir. I…
I was busy. It was a mistake.
Please come.
He's right here in the cell.
Sir.
We got this from his house.
Sir, a message from NCDB.
Thirteen murders took place
in a similar pattern across India.
All are unsolved
and had random victims.
Also, there wasn't
any geographical connectivity.
Six such cases were registered abroad.
That's just the count of reported murders.
Meaning many more went unreported.
If all of them are committing
these murders in the same method,
there's surely a motive.
Hey, get up.
What is this? How and why?
What's happening?
Hey!
Have you seen this man before?
Seen him before?
What's your connection?
Mr. Mukesh, we received intel
that there's going to be
a Maoist attack here.
-Sure?
-That's right, sir.
His dad funds the Maoists.
-What?
-His dad seems to be a Maoist funder.
We've received intel about
a planned attack on this station.
We've to leave right now!
Make arrangements
to transfer him to Srinagar.
Transfer?
You need the magistrate's permission
to transfer him.
It'll take at least two hours.
We don't have that much time.
If something happens to you,
our jobs are at stake.
We have to move right now.
Is he from the South?
Hey, Madrasi!
Paperwork can go fuck itself!
This could land us in trouble.
I'll take it if Andhra and Telangana guys
disown me. But if he calls me a Madrasi…
What else did he say?
South…
His "South" will hurt him today.
Sir!
Alpha team. Incoming fire at vehicles.
-Cover 3’o clock and 9’o clock.
-Copy that.
180 block.
Brake hard on my command, guys.
Get…
Set…
Go.
Target disengaged.
You can continue to the airstrip. Over.
Jai Hind!
Madrasi, he says!
-Go back! Go back!
-Arjun Sarkaar, go back!
Ma'am!
I have some news for you, Sarkaar.
Of those five people you thrashed
and sent to the hospital,
two are Azad Kashmir activists.
Rebel leaders of
the Azad Kashmir movement.
It's now a political problem.
God forbid, if something happens to
even one of them,
then the valley will burn.
The protest happening outside
is just the beginning.
Two criminals, ma'am.
They are in custody.
The same type of murders.
First, those 13 murders…
There's a connection, ma'am.
-I'll find out.
-Okay.
Do it fast.
Things that are common to both
of them should be on my table.
-Be on it.
-Okay, sir.
I've separated everything
that looked suspicious.
Same guy, multiple identities.
C…
T…
K.
CTK.
Have you heard this before?
No, sir.
Why do I feel like I have?
That, too, in the same case.
Ravi. I want to see the files and photos
of this case again.
-Okay, sir.
-Chain of custody.
-Down with the HIT!
We want justice! We want justice!
Barricades open!
Who lit this?
This… Who did it?
Uniform!
Respect.
CTK is the connection.
The removal of the organs, the tattoos,
inscriptions on the murder weapons,
all seem to point to some religious cult.
In the 70s in the US, serial killings
were committed under the name BTK.
This sounds similar to that.
Do one thing.
Put them both in the same room.
-Let's trigger them and see.
-Okay, sir.
Vijay Deenanath Chauhan.
Full name.
I have a mother!
You will have to double the tax!
My Hindi is half-half.
But Hindi film knowledge,
hundred percent.
You must have heard the name.
C… T… K.
You know. You know.
You know everything.
This hanging, the recording,
and the procedure…
You did it right.
His is all half done.
How do you say it in Hindi?
It's a fuckup.
You did a terrible job.
-What do you mean?
-Just shut up.
-Don't say a word.
-Don't say a word!
Why should I stay quiet?
-Hey! Rules.
-Rules!
Rules.
What rules? I followed everything.
What do I know? He's saying that
you did something bad.
-You did something wrong.
-I didn't do anything wrong.
What did he do wrong?
This cut is in the wrong place.
No. It's perfectly fine.
We got the placement and size
of the cut from the website--
Oh, Samba!
CTK is a website.
Nothing on the internet, sir.
CTK.
This is not a usual website that can be
accessed through home computers.
-It's a dark website.
-You mean it's a secret website.
Correct. Regular websites
like Google, YouTube, etc.
are closely monitored by
our cybersecurity team.
Such websites can be tracked easily.
There are a few websites that
are unknown and are run in the dark.
Dark web.
These secret websites
can't be tracked even by cyber teams.
That is why guns, drugs, high-level
prostitution, and human trafficking,
are run on these secret websites.
And new-age cyber criminals
are earning crores of rupees from it.
Basically, this dark web
is like a shield to them.
Criminals are hiding behind this mask.
The two criminals we nabbed
are using a secret website
on the dark web.
CTK. Capture, Torture, Kill.
Sir. What's this?
Why are the murder videos
shared on the website?
Psychopaths and serial killers
generally won't expose
their twisted mindsets anywhere.
For obvious reasons.
So, knowing they won't be caught,
they share those murder and torture videos
with one another on the dark web.
People with the same mentality
use this website to connect.
Simply put,
a social media site for serial killers.
This CTK website.
There's a demand for everything here,
from child abuse videos to
murder videos.
Why are they murdering everyone
in the same pattern?
The rules set by the website's owner.
To become a member of that group,
you have to upload at least
two murder videos like this.
To win their trust.
How the murders should be done,
how to remove the organs,
how to preserve the organs,
and where to send them,
they will tell you everything.
After two murder videos are approved,
they'll be added to the group.
The strange thing here is that,
members in this group
meet somewhere once a year.
We're on to something huge, Ravi.
I want to know who's behind this website.
Why are they removing the organs?
Where are they meeting?
And why are they meeting?
Inform the cyber team immediately.
Ask them to find this website's
server location.
-Be on it.
-Sure, sir.
-Down with the HIT!
-Go back! Go back!
-Arjun Sarkaar, go back!
Sir.
The cyber team tried to find
the server location.
The website is run through
multiple servers.
From 385 places.
We can't do anything, sir.
We want justice! We want justice!
-Sarkaar. Sarkaar!
-Two minutes.
Two minutes, ma'am.
Got a call from the hospital.
One of those guys has died.
You need to leave right now.
Two minutes, ma'am.
You're not getting it.
Listen to me!
If the protestors get
wind of this information…
It's not safe here, Sarkaar.
Listen to me.
You have to get out of here.
Sarkaar, listen to me.
Sarkaar!
After one guy died in the hospital
and another in the lockup
it caused a political problem.
I got transferred to Vizag
from HIT, Srinagar.
To find out where they meet
and why they meet,
or even to stop them,
there's no option but to become
a member of that group.
So?
Will you kill innocent people for that?
Who's innocent?
Him?
A four-year-old girl.
For eight days…
Neighbors complained about the cries,
and the police went to check.
She was dead.
The post-mortem revealed
that before her death…
The one whom I killed before too…
I need to upload the videos
and there's a format, that's why…
If I had the creative freedom,
I would have taken the time
to peel off the skin and…
But they shouldn't die.
Every part of his body has to be removed
right in front of his eyes.
Sewage.
That is where this scum belongs.
What you thought is right.
There is a criminal in me.
But that criminal does
the duty of the police.
Found something on the website
on the dark web. Please watch this video.
Are you mad? Exit first.
If he tracks us,
we can't execute our plan.
It can't be tracked.
I'm using a VPN.
Why do you think so little of me?
Because I'm a girl?
Yes!
Tell me what it is.
Watch this video.
What about it?
Do you see the fort in the backdrop?
That's in a place called Samode in Jaipur.
I was posted there
for a few weeks.
So?
This murder has already taken place.
This would've already been reported.
The point is,
the person who uploaded this video
has uploaded only one video.
It means he has committed
only one murder.
That means he has yet to commit
the second murder.
So, he'll commit the second one soon.
We can stop it.
Good job, Varsha!
Not because you are a girl.
I really mean it.
Alert the Jaipur police.
Send them screenshots of his pictures.
Start a manhunt.
Watch this video.
And the logo,
inside the jacket.
Castrol?
This... is worn by
the petrol station workers.
Correct.
Question the petrol station staff
in Samode, Jaipur.
Search the entire town.
Sir.
He will certainly kill.
He could kill today or a week from now.
But he will definitely kill.
A soldier fearlessly walks
into the fire to defend those at risk.
To save a single life,
he works tirelessly night and day,
he asks many people for help,
and he even goes hungry for many days.
Only he knows all this.
Once he faces all these hurdles,
only he who is capable of
enduring it successfully
can turn his energy towards
protection of righteousness.
Hey!
Sir?
I asked for a leave.
-What for?
-My daughter's annual day.
-When?
-The end of this month.
No. I won't give.
-Sarkaar, please come in for Varsha.
-I'm leaving from the guest house.
You asked me to come.
I'm here!
I have a return flight
in three hours.
-You came to Jaipur… for me?
-Yes!
Just for a couple of hours?
Right.
Right!
Don't be greedy.
Let's save it for later.
On an auspicious day.
This is for you.
Are you good, Arjun?
Are you eating well, son?
What? Do you never laugh?
You always wear an angry expression.
My Arjun isn't like that.
You should be smiling, Arjun.
You look good when you laugh.
Don't pick a fight with your dad.
You're always a star.
Live up to it.
Go, Varsha.
Varsha, tell me.
The team is near Ajmer gate.
We can get to work once you're here.
-We're stopping all the heavy vehicles.
-Close all the barricades.
We're checking everything,
including the car boots.
Just be more vigilant
with the bigger vehicles.
-Okay, sir.
-I'm coming.
Okay, sir.
-I'll be there in 20 minutes.
-Okay, sir.
I have to go.
-A car to the airport?
-I'll take a cab.
Go!
Hey! Move it!
Move it! Fast!
-Did you see a pickup truck here?
-No. What happened?
Torch.
He isn't a petrol station worker.
Roadside assistance guy.
-No one should pass this way. Close it.
-Okay, sir.
Alright, batch 2002.
Let's learn about knife stabs today.
Important point.
Pulling the knife out causes more damage
to the body than the stab itself.
So, in case you get stabbed, don't let
your opponent pull the knife out.
-Got that?
-Yes, sir.
I found a snake on the road.
I killed it. I'm coming.
I'll reach in an hour or two.
Yes. Is that okay?
Alright, then.
You should check from a distance
if the snake is dead or not.
Instead…
Don't grab its tail and show off.
Give me the laptop.
All these guys meet up once every year.
I was told to take the Arunai Express
to Arunachal Pradesh
and wait at the bus stop
by the Naharlagun railway station.
I have no clue
where they’ll take me from there.
This is the only shot we’ve got
to nab the entire group.
How did you join this group, Sarkaar?
Please, sir…
Please understand the urgency.
Why are you so obsessed with it?
What is…
What is so personal about it, Sarkaar?
Criminals, sir.
They belong in a ten-foot lockup
or deep inside a six-foot hole.
No criminal should be free to walk around
until they’ve faced
real behavioral correction.
You don’t have to be personally
affected to feel that way.
Just being a police officer is enough.
Said who? ADGP Raajan?
Your grandfather.
ADGP Raajan Sarkaar.
Don't tell me there's nothing personal.
Trust me, sir.
There's nothing personal.
Handle this like a covert operation.
Arunachal Pradesh is a border state.
The situation there is already tense.
So, don't escalate the issue.
I’ll have someone from my team join yours.
I want unfiltered updates from there.
Sarkaar!
This is Officer Mrudula, my new recruit.
Mrudula…
Meet Sarkaar and his team.
Sir.
She reports directly to me.
She's very honest and reliable.
-Sir, honest and?
-Reliable.
Reliable!
Listen to me carefu--
Focus.
Everyone, scatter and take a seat
in different compartments.
I’ll be getting off at Naharlagun station.
You, too, get off there.
They asked me to toss my phone and wallet
in the trash can outside.
That means no contact.
They've mentioned they'll pick me up
from the bus stop,
which is one kilometer from the station.
I've arranged a vehicle
500 meters from the bus stop.
It's a ghost vehicle, basically.
Every inch of it is painted black.
The headlights will be off.
You’ll need to follow us
at a safe distance.
By seeing where they're taking me,
you can guess the scale of the operation
and move forward.
-Any questions?
-No, sir.
Disperse.
Can I talk to you for two minutes?
No.
Move, and I'll push you out.
I just need two minutes.
Nageswara Rao told you to follow me.
That's why you met me.
That's why you came to Jaipur.
Mom's video, too.
This is your version.
But I met you four years ago.
My sister was harassed
by a guy at Vizag Beach Road.
I’ve heard that it happens
quite frequently over there.
But that day…
Seeing it happen to my sister,
I felt so helpless.
That's when I saw.
For the first time.
The Arjun Sarkaar.
That was the day I decided
to become a police officer.
Four years later,
you showed up at my academy
to give a guest lecture.
I finally got to take
a closer look at you.
I’ve heard so much about you.
From all that,
I shouldn't even have liked you.
But I just kept falling for you.
Then what about the matrimony site?
I thought I’d confess my love
after getting my posting.
Then I learned that you won’t marry
anyone from the department.
That's why…
That's why?
I got greedy.
What now?
Let's not save it for later.
While we sleep,
both the AC and the fan must be running.
♪ Are you the dream that
Walks to me in daylight? ♪
♪ Or a wave that rises and falls? ♪
♪ My heart is restless
Because it hasn’t seen you ♪
♪ But my eyes have
Already read the truth ♪
♪ You followed me,
You stayed close ♪
♪ Today, you became the air
I breathe and my shadow ♪
♪ You have to believe it ♪
I prefer the left side of the bed.
♪ This isn’t just a dream ♪
♪ I may exist,
But my life belongs to you ♪
♪ No matter where I look ♪
♪ I see you ♪
♪ Now, I can forget everything else ♪
♪ Because of you ♪
♪ A flood of love ♪
♪ It's a celebration of love! ♪
We'll look for an auspicious date and…
♪ A flood of love ♪
♪ A wave of love ♪
♪ It's a celebration of love! ♪
I’ll rest my legs on you when we sleep.
Don’t push them away.
♪ Wherever I go, whatever I do ♪
♪ My steps keep leading me to you ♪
♪ Are we meant to come
Together like this? ♪
♪ Our union was destined ♪
♪ I drew a boundary,
I waited for so long ♪
♪ But will I ever find
A better companion than you? ♪
♪ I can't stop, I can't hold back ♪
♪ I can’t look away,
I can’t even say it ♪
♪ I can’t hide this love anymore ♪
♪ I searched everywhere ♪
♪ And my eyes finally found the one ♪
♪ Now, I can forget everything else ♪
♪ Because of you ♪
Do you have anything else to say?
Mrs. Sarkaar?
The most important thing is…
I want your face to be
my first sight each morning.
Not your photo.
So…
Careful, Mr. Mrudula.
Just as Lord Shiva's damaru
roars without pause,
a warrior who walks toward dharma
with such a heartbeat
is equal to Abhimanyu.
Today, with that same spirit,
that warrior enters the Padmavyuha.
Shit! Which one is he in?
They're misleading us, madam.
They’re splitting up.
Diwakar!
I noticed some people
entering the building,
but I can’t confirm
if Sarkaar was with them.
-Diwakar?
-They're entering an abandoned building.
Get to the local police station now!
-We’ll raid them with the force.
-Okay.
I’m certain Arjun is at
one of these three locations.
Hi, AJ. I'm Alpha.
My apologies for the disguises
and the three cars.
It's a small strategy we rely on
when we're picking up new people.
Your Telugu is spot on!
We can communicate in a lot of languages.
-Fancy.
-Not really.
About 150 years ago,
this place was a royal Burmese palace.
The Arunachal Pradesh government
later ran a hospital here.
But for the last 40 years,
it's been abandoned.
On one day of the year,
this becomes our playground.
Your playground is nice!
What's the game?
You'll know soon, AJ.
Relax.
I'll come and get you.
Correct, sir.
We marked three locations.
We have to move faster, sir.
We have to track down
Arjun's location right away!
He's in danger.
We'll lose everything
before sunrise, sir.
Okay, don't panic.
What now? You need to raid not one
but three locations. Is that right?
-Without knowing what's--
-Mrudula, I know you're worried!
Just hang on.
We'll handle it, okay?
AJ.
Class.
That's how people were fooled
all these years.
I'll show you…
the original.
Let's go.
Guys!
Meet our new members.
CTK!
Choose one pole and cut its rope, AJ.
Go for it!
Good!
Next.
Brothers and sisters of CTK!
Why?
Why are we like this?
Why are we here?
We all have our reasons.
You have a reason. I have a reason.
Everyone has a different reason.
But what's common between all of us?
What do we all need?
Freedom.
Freedom!
-Freedom!
They differentiate between good and bad.
Who decides that?
Who the fuck defines
what's good and what's bad?
Society?
Fuck society.
Law!
Justice.
Morals.
They were all introduced
just to control us.
They all only control us.
To keep us as their obedient slaves.
Do you want to be their fucking slaves?
No!
That's why we've built this place.
CTK!
They call these murders.
But we call this freedom.
They say this is a crime.
We say this is evolution.
They say we're psychos.
I say we're the solution.
There's only one rule in CTK.
Freedom…
in its absolute and purest form.
Freedom.
You're free.
Welcome to CTK.
This is just the beginning.
Let's go wild.
Cage 6.
One hour.
Let's go to my room.
I'm taken, committed.
So what?
Don't you want this?
Not my league.
Police!
Police will come.
You can't kill us.
Yeah. I'm sending it.
Don't call me again.
-Hello?
-Ma'am.
There's no one here.
And your SI…
Diwakar has gone missing.
Go! Go! Fall back!
Sit, sit.
Hello? Mrudula, there's no trace
of Sarkaar here either.
We're being attacked. It's not safe.
I need you to get out.
Are you mad!
He'd have known Arjun's location.
Why did you kill him?
-Ma'am--
-They went this way.
Go and search in the forest.
Sorry.
Are we ready, CTK?
Yeah!
Come on!
Get.
Set.
Go!
Everybody, back to your rooms!
Back to your bloody rooms.
Hound, put him back in his cell.
Mrudula, what's happening?
Arjun is not in any of
the three marked locations.
We lost him.
They've taken Diwakar as well.
Oh shit!
We're beginning a search operation
with the help of a local team.
Do not step out of the police station.
-Sir?
-Your safety is my priority.
Don't do anything until you
get instructions from me. Got it?
What's this nonsense, Varsha?
Why don't they approve a search operation
when team members are in danger?
I'm sure the meeting place
is in the nearby forest.
Let's begin an unofficial search.
We lost Diwakar in an earlier attempt.
It might not be safe, Mrudula.
I'm going.
You can come if you want to.
Do you know
why this place has no CCTV cameras?
This is our principle.
Loyalty, brotherhood, and trust.
Now for the first time…
it failed.
The missing radio in the pickup car…
My satellite phone being tampered with…
Now, there's a blast in the kitchen.
The three misleading locations we use
while picking up new members
were attacked by the police.
The police have infiltrated our group.
New members… step into the ring.
One of them is a cop,
and four CTK members.
CTK members kill for passion.
The police kill for survival.
A cop will certainly die.
The one who survives is
my strongest CTK member.
Only one of you must survive.
Fight.
Freedom, freedom, freedom.
Among all those lunatics,
I’m scared for Arjun’s safety, Varsha.
Freedom, freedom, freedom.
Nothing will happen to Sarkaar.
He's the most dangerous psycho
among them all.
Freedom, freedom. Ooh!
Hey!
-Ooh!
-Yeah.
Freedom, freedom, freedom.
Go, go, go, go, go!
Go, go, go!
You don't want this?
Go, go, go, go, go!
You can't survive here.
I've been hearing this
since the start of my career.
Freedom, freedom,
freedom, freedom.
Freedom, freedom, freedom.
Hey!
AJ, only a trained police officer could've
take down four CTK members, right?
So much technique, method, and--
Am I in the police?
The more you doubt,
the more I get to play.
Go ahead.
Hound.
Do you know him?
Yes.
He's my boss.
He's a police officer.
It could be true.
Or it could be false.
You think you're smart?
Those were good kills.
Kill one more person.
Then, I'll believe you're not a cop.
Kill him.
Kill him! Kill him! Kill him!
Kill me, sir.
If we're caught, they'll kill us both.
Don't you have to attend
your daughter's annual day event?
Keep going. Don't stop.
Kill him, kill him!
AJ, stop.
He's a cop.
He is the cop.
We found the broken radio circuit
in his room.
AJ, relax.
Hound, finish him.
Mind…
Have you lost it?
Three CTK members died.
Freedom means killing others,
not killing ourselves.
I believed you when you talked about
CTK, brotherhood, and loyalty!
We uploaded murder videos
with our faces visible.
When that cop created a fake profile
and uploaded two murder videos,
how could you approve them
without verifying them?
You're calling that dead man a cop.
You want me to kill the cop we captured.
How certain are we that
none of them is a cop?
What's the guarantee?
Before he dies,
I must know everything he knows.
I need one hour with him.
I'll make him confess everything.
Where the fuck did you learn that, AJ?
That's some impressive
fucking stuff, dude.
One hour.
CTK will not go down today.
Prepare for the final act.
Let's get the hell out of this place.
Mrudula, are you okay?
I don't know what will happen next.
But no one should die here.
I'll create a diversion from behind.
The focus will shift to me.
That will be your chance.
Move all the victims
to the corridors immediately.
I'll find you there.
There are more than 150 members, sir.
Six-foot corridors.
No matter how many you target,
attack them one by one.
That will be our advantage.
Once we cross the corridors,
boxing ring.
Then, the main lobby.
From there, we enter the forest.
Sir, is all of this really possible?
I'll never wear the uniform, Diwa.
But there are days when…
even in civilian clothes, I still feel
like I'm wearing the uniform.
Today is that day.
It's my duty to get you and the victims
safely out of this building.
From that point, you should
take them to a safe place.
Sir, what about you?
I'll hold the fort.
Let's see how high I can score.
Run.
Run for your life.
Let me know if you see any fenced areas,
isolated structures or big compound walls.
You go right.
Mrudula, we've moved
150 meters in from the road.
But there is nothing yet.
-I'm going deeper.
-Okay, Varsha.
His name is Diwakar.
Karnataka HIT police.
HIT?
Weirdos among killers are CTK.
And weirdos among cops…
are HIT.
They've been investigating CTK
for the past three years.
All our members are clean.
Nothing to worry about.
Relax.
Mrudula, there's nothing yet.
We're going in the next batch.
-What's happening with you?
-Varsha, stay silent for a minute.
-What's that sound?
-What sound?
Static disturbance.
Walkie. I think there's some interference.
-Which walkie produced that sound?
-This one.
Shift all walkie frequencies to 155 Hz.
Shift it.
These are radio waves.
Arjun is an expert
in radio communication.
He's trying to reach us.
The source must be very close.
The signal is gaining strength
on this side.
This side, guys.
Time for the final act,
ladies and gentlemen.
I promised all of you
a great experience this year.
And I'm here to deliver.
There's a line that humans cannot cross.
A certain boundary
that even we don't cross.
Tonight… we're crossing that line.
We're going to break that boundary.
Hound!
This baby…
is untouched by the rot of this world!
But we'll decide
the fate of this innocent life.
What does that make us?
God?
Or Evil?
I say, tonight,
we show humans their true selves.
Tonight,
we challenge humanity.
CTK, are you ready?
Yeah!
Ten!
Nine!
Eight!
Sir, she’s only nine months old.
Seven!
What could he possibly do to her?
Six!
Five!
I want my baby back, sir.
Four!
My baby…
Sir, my baby…
Three!
Two!
One!
I will bring her back.
This time…
it's Arjun Sarkaar.
Diwa!
Yes, sir.
Place the girl in the cage.
♪ It's a battle! ♪
Search.
Filthy rats!
Let's find them.
This way.
Hey!
Shh!
Go, go!
♪ It's a battle! ♪
Varsha, backup.
-Hey… back.
-Shh!
That idiot stabbed me
in the same spot again!
Hey!
Legong, how long until
the backup gets here?
Ma'am, your backup is on the way.
But it's not the Arunachal police.
Back!
Sir!
Diwa!
-Diwa…
-Sir.
That door.
Into the forest.
Hey!
Sir, it's not opening.
Tell them Arjun Sarkaar is not done yet.
Sir…
Close the door!
Arjun Sarkaar.
Where are they going to go?
We'll catch all the rats.
Isn't this the one?
Hound.
♪ Ride through the storm
And fight for the light ♪,
♪ I got no fear in my bones ♪
♪ No mercy, we be
Killing everybody when I ♪
♪ Strike down the foes ♪
♪ No love, yeah that's the code ♪
♪ From the ashes I keep rising ♪
♪ Fighting for the light now ♪
♪ Point and take the shot
Nah you cannot stop me ♪
Now it's time to fight ♪
♪ Hey… Hey… Hey ♪
♪ What's up! ♪
♪ Snakes in the grass
Can't let you pass ♪
Didn't you say you'll take care of HIT?
I'll take care of these guys.
How many do you want alive?
-Zero.
-These bastards!
♪ We the rebels without pause ♪
♪ You can't hide the truth no more ♪
♪ Truth is in my barrel, and
I fire when my gun reloads ♪
♪ You running for the money, but
You're running outta time and I'm ♪
♪ Killing everybody on the way, yeah ♪
♪ Gimme what I need, and
I give you another reason ♪
♪ To believe in superstition, and pray ♪
♪ I don't flinch or I don't freeze ♪
♪ Move with ease, best in the biz ♪
♪ The story keeps on lying, so I'm ♪
♪ Burning that script, it is what it is ♪
♪ Breaking evil thrones,
Gonna do it on my own ♪
♪ All alone, doesn't matter
What they say ♪
♪ From the ashes I keep rising ♪
♪ Fighting for the light now ♪
What's with the gymnastics?
We'll do it.
We, too, will do it.
Sarkaar!
♪ Without pause ♪
♪ Truth no more ♪
♪ My barrel ♪
♪ I fire when my gun reloads ♪
♪ You running for the money ♪
♪ Killing everybody on the way, yeah ♪
♪ Gimme what I need and
I give you another reason ♪
♪ To believe in superstition, and pray ♪
♪ I don't flinch or I don't freeze ♪
♪ Move with ease, best in the biz ♪
♪ The story keeps on lying
It is what it is ♪
♪ Breaking evil thrones,
Gonna do it on my own ♪
♪ All alone, doesn't matter
What they say ♪
♪ From the ashes I keep rising ♪
♪ Fighting for the light now ♪
Why did you come alone?
When have I ever come alone?
Arjun, are you…
-Arjun… are you okay?
-Where is he?
-Arjun.
Mrudula.
It's an auspicious day.
Propose!
The situation is under control, sir.
Sarkaar is okay.
Freedom! Freedom! Freedom!
-Justice.
-Justice! Justice! Justice!
When taking a life,
their eyes should reflect
either fear or sorrow.
Otherwise, the killer won’t feel
any satisfaction.
Look at me.
I won't give you that satisfaction.
Your brother in Jaipur.
Satisfied.
Is that it?
Everything is closed.
What about the organs?
Four days ago, in Arunachal Pradesh,
a police raid on Burma Palace
threw light on a dark world.
Humans were being killed
and their organs
were sent to
a Swedish company, Hormogenix.
Hormogenix? I've heard this name before.
-It's a Swedish pharma company.
-Correct.
Didn't the same company
do money laundering
through a charity organization?
What's the name of the organization?
-Keen to Care.
-KTC.
Tech genius Samuel Joseph runs it.
It's his most notorious collaboration
for the pharma deal.
CTK.
The CTK executes its victims
when they're gripped by fear,
extracts their endocrine organs,
and supplies them to Hormogenix.
After removing the organs
when the victims are in extreme stress,
high concentrations of cortisol
and adrenaline are extracted
to prepare a cocktail.
Through that, they're preparing a drug
that boosts sex drive like no other.
We keep hearing these things.
Right?
Like, an 80-year-old
Hollywood actor having kids.
And then a 70-year-old
businessman gets busted at sex parties.
All these billionaires are
rich and powerful.
They spend crores of rupees
to purchase this drug.
This drug is being supplied extensively
in several lust parties abroad.
The number of models and aspiring actors
who fell victim to rich old men…
we'll only know in the coming days.
Money earned through this is being sent
to several Indian charity organizations
as black money.
The officer investigating
this money laundering case
has been missing
for the past three months.
That missing officer…
is the only one I couldn't save
in this mission.
ACP Dhanya.
I came here believing
CTK was the only threat.
Then, I found out about KTC.
Dhanya thought only KTC existed.
Before she could uncover CTK…
She was killed.
No, Mrudula.
She sacrificed her life.
Dhanya, cage number 8.
Next one.
Cage number 3.
Baby, cage number 3.
When Alpha chose
cage number 3 for the first victim,
she switched her cage number
and willingly became the first victim.
Very brave!
Dhanya is such a star, man.
And a star must be celebrated.
Her sacrifice must not be in vain.
We have no part in this investigation.
The world should never know about us.
And what happened in this mission.
The one who led this mission,
and saved those victims…
was Dhanya.
Guards, attention!
Guards, general salute!
Salami Shastra!
Samuel has been in prison
for the past year, right?
He's running everything from there.
Unfortunately,
his money and connections will
make prison feel like a luxury for him.
What's your take on your son being jailed?
My son? Jailed?
Arjun Sarkaar?
While probing the CTK website
on the dark web for the past year,
she risked her life to infiltrate
their hideout in Arunachal Pradesh
and eliminated 150 psychopaths.
ACP Dhanya’s courage was praised
by police departments nationwide.
Officers like Dhanya are a source
of great pride for our country.
To pay tribute to Bose Bravery Awardee
ACP Dhanya,
people of both states
have organized various programs.
-What did I say wrong?
-Sir, one second.
Please speak now.
What the hell is happening in our state?
What do the police think?
They slap cases on each other
and go to jail at will.
A brawl happens to take place
in the same jail and kills a prisoner.
They're now releasing the arrested
police officer due to a lack of evidence.
Aren't there any rules here?
If we don't question Arjun Sarkaar today,
they'll bring another one to us tomorrow!
If these three lions on my belt represent
justice, morality and righteousness,
then that invisible
fourth lion, that's me.
-Where are you coming from?
-Kurnool, sir.
What's that you're carrying?
Sir?
What's the load?
-Sand, sir.
-Hey, go and check.
Sir is sitting there.
Go, talk to him.
What's his name?
ACP Veerappan.
Veerappan.
Bro! Bro, they'll lock us up
if they find the dead body.
It's buried beneath six tons of sand.
Do you think they've got the time
to search that deep?
Talk softly. He'll hear us.
Didn't you hear his name?
He's a Tamilian.
He won't get it.
"A country is not just its soil
but its people,"
said Gurajada Apparao.
And I say the country isn't just soil
but the people within it.
Wow!
Did you think I couldn't speak Telugu?
I'm bilingual.
Bro, hold the phone.
Get the load off, guys!
In each discourse, we've been hearing
about a different avatar.
So far, you've heard
the stories of three avatars.
We'll listen to the story of
the fourth avatar again tomorrow.
May all people be happy.
May the auspiciousness prevail.
♪ Ride through the storm
And fight for the light, ♪
♪ I got no fear in my bones ♪
♪ No mercy, we be
Killing everybody when I ♪
♪ Strike down the foes ♪
♪ No love, yeah that's the code ♪
♪ From the ashes I keep rising ♪
♪ Fighting for the light now ♪
♪ Point and take the shot
Nah you cannot stop me ♪
Now it's time to fight ♪